#Please write what you learnt here

#Outline:


"""
Sample Questions:

Rick: Why do I need to know about Data-Structure?
Rick: What is Programming Languages
Why do I need to know about it?
Rick: What can I know after knowing Data-structure?
Rick: What kind of Data-structure would Kodai-CRM need?
What did you understand from Programming languages wikipedia?
#Changes
What is Prolog?
What is the core problem of CRM?


"""
To Answer This Question Let Us Understand First What Is Language in Common?
	Language is a tool to express our thoughts, to communicate with other people, to get help from others or to help others we need to
	//**The first point is correct, language is way to express our thoughts.
	interact with other people. So in the beginning there must be some sign language to communicate. Then the sign language could have
	evolved into speaking language. I think computer programming language also same like that only.
	//**Computer Programming language is precise, it is not ambigious, it has to be accurate. We use 010 to communicate in the micro-processor.
So What Is Computer?

	It is a machine like other machines (washing machine, Grinder, Fan, Fridge). what machines can do? it helps to reduce the manpower,
	//Okay, try defining machine here. Machine does help us to reduce work. Good point.

	to solve the real time problem, to reduce the complexity of the work.


	likewise, computer machine is reducing the complexity of the work.
	let’s take calculator, what calculator is doing? if there is small problem then it is easy to solve by our own. what if the problem is
	bigger? how can we add or subtract or multiply finance details for a mega company. shall we do everything manually? NO, because
	it will take so much of time to solve the problem.
	I am giving you an insight to understand the computer machine. computer machine has a multiple software or you can say programs,
	features, services to reduce the complexity of the work.
Why We Need to Interact with The Computer?
	As I said before to interact with the computer machine to do some work we need to communicate with the machine. Can machine
	understand our speaking language? No. So how to make the machine to understand our needs? here comes the programming languages.
	programming languages helps to interact with the machines and programming languages give instructions/orders to machine to do a work.
	Does machine understand programming language? yes partially! there will be compiler in each computer machine. This compiler will
	convert the 'PROGRAM' into ‘BINARY CODE' which is the machine understandable code.
Thousands of different programming languages have been created.
Example:
•	C
•	C++
•	JAVA
•	Python
•	PHP
//**Try defining data structure in your own words, please.
//**What do you mean by data values in the below?
//

In computer science, a data structure is a data organization, management and storage format that enables efficient access and modification.
More precisely, a data structure is a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations
that can be applied to the data.
