what is software methodology?
It is the process of software development work consist of requirements,design,coding,testing and maintenance.
It is also known software development life cycle that is SDLC.
This SDLC helps to manage and monitor the software development in each phase.
-waterfall
-spiral
-prototying
-rapid application model(RAD)
-Incremental
-Agile

what is waterfall?
it is a sequintial design approach
flows from top to bottom in one stream
and less iterative.
because once the requirement is done we cant go back to the analysis phase it may leads to redesign.

spiral model
--combines the waterfall model with iterative development.
Customer is not sure of their requirements which is usually the case.
Requirements are complex and need evaluation to get clarity.
When there is a budget constraint and risk evaluation is important.
For medium to high-risk projects.

prototyping
it is the activity of creating prototype of of software application. i.e incomplete version of the software we are going to develop.

RAD
The RAD (Rapid Application Development) model is based on prototyping and iterative development with no specific planning involved. 
The process of writing the software itself involves the planning required for developing the product.
Since there is no detailed preplanning, it makes it easier to incorporate the changes within the development process.

Incremental
In this model the software is designed,implemented and tested incrementally until the s/w product is finished.(little more is added eash time)
the s/w product is decomposed into multiple blocks and developed separetely and the component is delivered to the client when it is complete.
it reduces the long development time.

Agile
it is a combination of iterative and incremental process.
Agile Methods break the product into small incremental builds. These builds are provided in iterations. 
Each iteration typically lasts from about one to three weeks. Every iteration involves cross functional teams working simultaneously on various areas like
Planning
Requirements Analysis
Design
Coding
Unit Testing and
Acceptance Testing.
At the end of the iteration, a working product is displayed to the customer and important stakeholders.
